Navigate to the 'Scout' tab using the top navbar.
There are three main panels. The top right container is the playlist data.
the top left container is the video player and match reports.
Use the buttons in container headers to expand or minimise their size.
The tab panels on the left hand side of container headers can be used to move between the nested tab panels within containers.
The video player control tools at the bottom of the tab can be used to view multiple camera angles,
jump backward or forward, play, pause or seek on the timeline
play the camera angle in picture-in-picture mode watch footage in an extended display
control the playback speed of the video,
and create clips from the current video time that can be added to the draft playlist.
The bottom container includes the timeline and rowwise event data in seperate tabs.
Double-click on the buttons in the timeline to search on the video.
Pause the video and click on a timeline button while holding 'command' to select and add to a draft playlist.
You can also create playlists using the rowwise data in the other tab panels.
Use the table headers to filter tables and select data using the check boxes to create a new draft playlist or add selected rows to an existing draft playlist.
The draft playlist can then be saved, used to search events on the video, or to export clips as an .mp4 file